♪ Hey, here's comes Sunny,
keeping it fun ♪
♪ Never says never,
never gives up ♪
♪ It's Sunny!
♪ Yeah, she's Sunny! Hey!
♪ Gear up and go
in the Glam Van ♪
♪ Hairstylin'
with her best friends ♪
♪ It's Sunny
♪ Yeah, she's Sunny
♪ Oh, it's a Sunny day
♪ She'll put a smile
on your face ♪
♪ Sunny is shining
all the way ♪
♪ Yeah, she's Sunny,
yeah, she's Sunny ♪
♪ Having a sunny Sunny day! ♪
Yeah!Whoo-hoo!
♪♪
[phone ringing]
Hello, Sunny Salon?
Sorry, we're closed today.
How about tomorrow?
Great, see you then.
And have a sunny day!
We have so earned
this day off!
How many clients
did we have yesterday?
27. That's a lot
of hair styling...
even for Sunny!
[Doodle yawning]
[chuckling]
No wonder I'm tired!
[laughing]
Doodle,  you didn't do
any work!
It wore me out
just watching you!
So what do you think?
How should we spend
our day off?
We could go
to the beach...
though we did go there
last week.
Or the park!
Again.
Yeah, I wish there were
somewhere new we could go.
[knocking]
Uh, hi.
Can I help you?
Uh... thank you.
What is it, Sunny?
A note.
It's from...
Princess Anabella!
What does it say?
"I've been meaning
to send these pictures
since our visit
to Friendly Falls..."
Hey! It's me
and Princess Dominica!
Oh, she loved
my dance moves.
[vocalizing]
Whoa!
I'm okay.
[giggling]
"We would love
to see you all again.
Please come to
the Royal Palace."
[gasping]
The Royal Palace?
When?
Today!
Today?
As in today-today?
Like, now?!
Now  that's how you spend
a day off!
Well, what are we waiting for?
Ready.
Set.
[all]
Gear up and go!
♪♪
[engine revving]Okay!
Royal Palace, here we come!
[Doodle]
Are we there yet?
[Sunny]
No, Doodle.
Are we almost there?
We're getting closer.
How 'bout now?!
Yes, Doodle.
We're here.
♪♪
[Doodle]
Oh, wow!
[all]
Wow!
♪♪
Whoa!This is amazing!
[Doodle]
Wow!
Can you imagine
having to clean this place?
Fun![laughing]
[horns playing melodically]
[gasping]
[squealing]
You made it!
Hello, everybody!
Welcome to our home.
Anabella!
It's amazing!
This place
is awesome!
You live here?![giggling]
I have so much to tell you
and show you!
Please, come in!
♪♪
Whoa!
Wow!
Hi there!
Huh.
Ah, not very friendly,
is he?
The guards aren't supposed
to talk when they're on duty.
They're not even
supposed to smile.
[giggling]
Won't smile, huh?
[laughing foolishly]
Hmm.
[sighing]
[laughing,
throat clearing]
[Anabella]
Dominica!
Look who's here!
Hello, Princess!
Whoa!
Hey, whoa, oh, whoa!
Careful!
Watch the...
[thudding]Oh!
[grunting]
[nervous giggling]
...fruit bowl.
[all laughing]Good boy.
Oh, it's so good
to see you all!
Oh, cool!
I was just feeling snacky!
Doodle, stop!Huh?
Don't eat that apple.
I was painting it!
Eh? Painting it?
I thought apples
came this color.
[giggling]
No, Doodle.
She means
she's painting this.
You're an artist now?
Well, ever since
you showed us
how much fun
it is to try new things,
I've taken up painting,
rock climbing,
the piano,
even dance lessons, Doodle!
[barking]I can't wait 'til tonight
to show you what I've learned!
What's tonight?
Didn't you tell them,
Anabella?
Oops! Forgot!
We're having
a party!
A royal ball
here in the palace!
Oh! And you want
your hair styled for the ball.
We'd love to help.
Rox, Blair?
[giggling]
No, Sunny.
We want you all
to be our guests.
You're invited
to the ball!
[gasping]Wait, what?
A royal ball?
With royal music?
And royal food
and roya... stuff?
[excited barking]
I'm so excited!
[giggling]
Except for the part
where I didn't bring
anything to wear.
Don't worry.
I'll take care
of that.
[both gasping]
♪♪
This closet is bigger
than my whole bedroom!
And a lot more
organized.
I love how you have
the pink dresses over there,
and the purple dresses
over there.
[giggling]
You can wear whatever
you'd like to the ball.
Dominica and I will wear
our royal gowns.
Just incredible!
I can't believe we get
to do stuff like this!
[Doodle]
You said it!
Whoo-hoo!
[laughing]
Doodle, you're not bouncing
on the bed, are you?
Um-- Well-- I-- Yes.
Whoa!Whoa!
[laughing]
[hushed]
Hey, are you ready?
They're waiting.
[Sunny, whispering]
Blair still hasn't decided.
[Blair, whispering]
Yes I have, I'm ready.
[giggling]
[throat clearing]
[Doodle]Ta-da!
[laughing]
Rox, Blair,
and Sunny!
Beautiful!
Excellent choices!
Thank you, Your Highnesses.
And Doodle...
we found this
for you!
♪♪
[gasping]
I love it!
I feel
all princessy!
[laughing]
The only thing better
would be
if we had princess
hairstyles to match!
Hmm... If only we knew
a hairstylist...
[laughing]
Come on!
It's Glam Van time!
♪ Can you feel it? ♪ Can you feel it?
♪ What's up?
♪ You're gonna dance
♪ Through the palace door
tonight ♪
♪ The shiniest jewels
on the floor tonight ♪
♪ Turn it up
turn it up ♪All right.
♪ A royal kinda good time
♪ Oh what a party Oh yeah!
♪ The who-est of the who
will all be there ♪
♪ And they're all gonna need
some fancy hair ♪
♪ Turn it up
turn it up ♪
♪ For a royal kinda ♪ Hey!
♪ Kinda ♪ Hey!
♪ Good time
♪ Tonight, tonight
♪ You're going to
the ball tonight ♪
♪ Yes tonight
♪ You're royals
one and all ♪
♪ And it can't come
any faster ♪
♪ Tonight, tonight
♪ The glitter
and the gowns ♪
♪ The party's tonight
♪ The sparkle
and the crowns ♪
♪ And it can't come
any faster ♪
♪ Tonight ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah
♪ Yeah, yeah
♪ It can't come
any faster ♪
♪ Tonight!
[giggling]
This is one
for the Style Files!
[shutter snapping]
You all look amazing.
Perfect for
the ceremony tonight.
Ceremony?
[nervous chuckling]
First the ball,
now the ceremony...
Didn't you tell them
anything?
I guess I forgot
that part, too.
We'd like you to take part
in an official ceremony,
in honor of our cousin
Prince Dudley.
We're going to meet
a real prince?
That's incredible!
Yes, um, well...
you'll see.
[boy]
Look out!
[screaming]
[boy]
Look out!
I got it!
Oof!
Coming through!
Now see what ya did?
It's stuck!Let me help.
No thank you.
[grunting]
Whoa!
May I present
our cousin...
uh, Prince Dudley.
That's the prince?
Dudley, this is Sunny,
Blair, Rox,
and Doodle.
We're very pleased
to meet you.
You should be;
I'm a prince.
[gasping]
Dudley!Manners!
Timmy?
Hello!
What a nice surprise!
What are you
doing here?
I asked Timmy to be
Dudley's driver
during his visit.
And I won't let you down,
Princess.
[gasping]Oh.
Oops-- uh, I mean--
At your service!
Is that
my ice cream cone?
Yes, Your Highness.
They were out of strawberry,
so I got banana!
[Dudley]
Ugh!
Mm! I love
banana ice cream!
Hehe, oh...
oh my...
Uh, would you mind
holding this?
[gasping]
Eww!
I can't eat that now!
[sighing]
Dudley.
Manners.
[Dudley huffing]
We'll be back
before you can say, uh,
"Two scoops, please."
Jimmy, I'm waiting!
I'm coming!Don't forget:
We need to rehearse
for tonight's ceremony!
[sighing]
I know.
I hope it won't take
too long.
Timmy's taking me
exploring in the woods later.
I am?
Oh. Yes.
Of course, Your Highness.
Our cousin doesn't have
the best manners, does he?
He's not as bad
as he seems.
Mm... but...
enough of that!
It's time for us
to have some palace fun!
♪♪
You know the drill, girls;
pinkies up!
Aw, come on!
Just a little giggle?
One smile?
[Doodle vocalizing]
[laughing]
Ah! Finally!
[Doodle laughing]Whoa!
[panting]
This palace has
the perfect floors for sliding.
He-he!
[laughing]
My turn!
Whoa!
[crashing]
Doodle!
Whoopsie...
This is the best day ever!
Ooh! A crown!
Here, try this one.
It's beautiful!
Try this one.
Wow!
[chuckling]
Oh!
[giggling]
These crowns
are tough to wear!
Ooh! Let's take this
for a twirl!
[giggling]
Whoo!
Caught it!
Limbo!
I think they're having fun.
[laughing]
Go, Sunny!
Yes!
Come on![laughing]
Ooh!
Oof!
[chuckling]
Where's Doodle?
[snoring]
[girls giggling]
Shh!
[snoring continues]
Ooh!
Aw, Prince Doodle.
Smile!
[shutter snapping]
[crashing]
Huh?
Whoa!
Oh, wow!
Here you go, Timmy.
Oh, ow!
Perfect timing.
We're about to rehearse
for your ceremony, Dudley.
[sighing]
Fine.
Let's get it over with.
Now then, the footman
leads the way.
Like so...
Right foot,
feet together.
Left foot,
Your turn, Dudley!
I don't need
to rehearse!
I know how to walk.
Once we practice
where and when to walk,
everything will be perfect
for the real ceremony tonight.
Timmy?
Oh.
Music please!
Oh!
[throat clearing]
[singing out of tune]
Timmy.
That music.
[regal music playing]
Blair goes first,
then Rox.
Right foot,
feet together.
Left foot,
Good! Now, Sunny
and Doodle.
[music continues]
Oh, perfect![sighing]
Now, turn to face
the center.
[giggling]
Then Anabella and I
walk in.
[sighing]
And wait at the other end
for Prince Dudley.
Right foot,
feet together.
Left--I know what I'm doing!
Right foot together.
No. Wait.
Ugh!
Prince Dudley,
if you like,
I can help.
You can walk with me
and do what I do.
I don't need your help.
Besides, I'm tired
of rehearsing.
I have better things to do,
like exploring the woods.
Timmy?
[gasping][record scratching,
music stopping]
I'm coming!
Don't worry.
I'll make sure he's back in time
for the ceremony.
Right behind you,
Your Highness!
Oh-- hehehe!
Aha!
Hmm...
I can't make up
my mind
which of these tea cakes
I like best.
I'd better
taste them all again.
Blair, are you okay
in there?
I'm just arranging the crowns
by size.
This is so much fun!
[squealing]
You know, living here
wouldn't be bad at all.
Except for Prince Dudley.
[loud munching]
[belching]
[full mouth]
That Prince Dudley
has no manners.
[cell phone ringing]Oh!
[ringing continues]
Hi, Timmy!
Hi, Sunny.
Could you let
the princesses know
that Dudley is going to be late
for the ceremony?
Sure, but... late?
Why?
Well, he didn't want me
to say,
but between you and me,
and Rox and Blair
and Doodle...
Prince Dudley and I
found an old tower
while we were exploring
in the woods,
and now...
we're locked inside!
Can you help us get out?
I told you,
I don't need any help!
No, but I sure would
appreciate it.
[whisper]
Help!
Timmy, don't worry.
Stay right where you are.
We're on our way!
♪♪
We have to find
that tower
and get Timmy
and Prince Dudley back
before the ceremony.
Spot anything, Rox?
Trees...
More trees.
Tower!
There it is!
That way!
♪♪
Ahh!
[brakes squealing]
[sheep bleating]
[giggling]
Oh, now what do we do?
I'm not sure.
I've never been
in a sheep traffic jam before.
Allow me!
My great-great grandfather,
Noodle,
was a sheep dog, you know.
[bleating continues]
Uh, excuse me?
Sheep?
Would you kindly move,
please?
[bleating]
Or just stay where you are.
Didn't work, huh?
[chuckling nervously]
[laughing]Hmm...
[gasping]
I've got an idea!
Blair, Rox,
help me get all the wigs
and hair extensions
out of the back.
We're going to make our sheep
dog a little more sheepish.
Great idea, Sunny.
To move sheep,
you need to be a sheep.
[Doodle bleating]
[bleating]
This way.
Follow me.
[bleating]
That wasn't so ba-a-a-d.
Bye!
[engine starting]
[bleating]
And remember to look both ways
before you cross!
Up here!
[Timmy]Yoo-hoo!
Up here, Sunny!
What are they
doing here?
I told you,
I can handle this!
Can't you just come out
the door here?
I usually use doors
when I go in
and out of places.
We tried,
but the wind
blew the door shut
after we came in.
[grunting]
It's no use.
It's locked.
And there's no key
on the outside.
There's no key
on the inside either!
Hmm...
We could open the door
if we have the right tool!
Hmm.
[gasping]
I know!
I'll be right back.
♪♪
This is the biggest,
strongest comb
I could find!
Thanks.
Good job, Doodle!
[grunting]
Almost...
[door creaking]Almost...
Ugh! It's no good.
Looks like it can only be
opened from the inside.
Timmy, you try!
Here, catch!
You might as well go home.
You'll never get us
out of here.
Never say never!
There has to be
a solution!
This is like
my favorite fairy tale,
where the prince
climbs up the tower
using Rapunzel's hair.
Only this time
the prince is in the tower,
and his hair isn't
very long.
[sighing]
The prince may not
have long hair...
but we do!
That is, if you're okay
not being a sheep any more.
A-okay!
It's starting
to itch a little, anyway.
♪♪
[Sunny]
And braid them like so...
Ta-da!
I told you,
I don't need your help!
I know, Your Highness.
But Timmy does.
Ready, Timmy?
♪♪
[grunting]
Go, Sunny!Yeah!
♪♪
Stand back, guys!
[grunting]
Now, we just have to open
the door downstairs.
Come on, Timmy!
You can come too,
Dudley.
How's it going, Sunny?
[grunting]
It's working...
[door creaking]Just a little more...
And... oh!
Oh, thank you
so much, Sunny.
I thought I was going to be
trapped in there forever!
[regal music playing
in the distance]
We have to hurry,
Sunny!
It's almost time
for the ceremony!
But what about
Prince Dudley?
We can't make him come
if he doesn't want to.
But I think he'll want to.
Wait!
I...
Um, well, I'm sorry.
To all of you.
I guess I do need help.
With a lot of things.
I just don't like to ask
for it.
You know?
Because I'm a prince.
It's okay.
Really.
I just don't like admitting
I can't do everything
by myself.
Everybody needs help
sometimes.
Right, guys?
Mm-hmm.Mm-hmm.
Well, then,
can you please
help me get back
to the palace?
We have a ceremony to get to!
♪♪
[horns playing melodically]
Would you mind
walking with me?
I wanna make sure
I get it right.
Sure thing.
Just watch me.
Right foot,
feet together.
Left foot...
♪♪
Welcome, Prince Dudley!
[cheering]
Thank you.
Thank you, everyone...
for all your help.
Now, what do ya say
we start the party?
[cheering]
Doodle, check out
this move!
[Doodle giggling]
I wish today would never end!
I know!
What's better than being
a princess for a day?
You really must stay over![gasping]
[all]
Being a princess for  two days!
[laughing]
Hi!
It's me, Sunny.
Wanna take a look inside
the Style Files?
Wow! Your crown braid
looks amazing!
For this hairstyle
and more,
check out
Sunny's Style Files
at nickjr.com
and the Nick Junior app.
Keep smiling, keep styling!
[giggling]
♪♪